README.md, before:

# Prediction Market Efficiency Analysis (CS2 & EPL)

## Overview
This project investigates the nature and efficiency of prediction markets by comparing betting odds for **Counter-Strike 2 (CS2)** and **English Premier League (EPL)** matches on **Polymarket** and **Kalshi**.

The primary objective is to fetch real-time market data, standardize it into a common format, and perform comparative analysis to identify:
*   Price spreads between platforms.
*   Market efficiency and convergence.
*   Potential arbitrage opportunities.

## Directory Structure

```ascii
prediction_markets/
├── data/
│   ├── raw/                  # Raw JSON responses from APIs
│   └── processed/            # Standardized CSV files
├── docs/                     # Project Documentation
│   ├── api_specs/            # API details
│   ├── architecture.md       # System design and rationale
│   ├── index.md              # Documentation table of contents
│   ├── math_and_logic.md     # Mathematical principles and formulas
│   └── metrics_and_plots.md  # Guide to interpreting plots
├── plots/                    # Generated visualizations
├── src/
│   ├── analysis/             # Analysis logic (Arbitrage, Visualization)
│   ├── collectors/           # Data fetching scripts (Poly, Kalshi)
│   ├── utils/                # Helper functions (Matching)
│   ├── config.py             # Category configuration
│   └── main.py               # Main pipeline entry point
├── tests/                    # Unit and integration tests
├── .gitignore
├── find_identifiers.py       # Utility to discover API tags/tickers
├── investigate_kalshi.py     # Investigation script
├── PROJECT_PLAN.md           # Implementation roadmap
├── README.md                 # This file
└── requirements.txt          # Python dependencies
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs/` directory:

*   **[Documentation Index](docs/index.md)**
*   **[Mathematical Principles](docs/math_and_logic.md)**: Explains odds calculation, arbitrage formulas, and matching logic.
*   **[System Architecture](docs/architecture.md)**: Details the design patterns and ETL pipeline structure.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.10+
*   `pip` or `poetry`

### Installation
1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Usage
*   **Fetch Data**:
    ```bash
    python -m src.main
    ```
    This will fetch data for all configured categories (CS2, EPL) and save it to `data/processed/`.

*   **Run Analysis**:
    ```bash
    python -m src.analysis.arbitrage
    ```

## Methodological Approach
1.  **Data Collection**: We utilize the Polymarket Gamma API and Kalshi V2 API to query markets filtered by configured categories (CS2, EPL).
2.  **Standardization**: All market data is normalized into a `MarketEvent` structure containing event names, outcomes, best bid/ask prices, and liquidity metrics.
3.  **Matching**: Fuzzy string matching is employed to align events across platforms (e.g., handling team name variations).
4.  **Analysis**: We compute the spread between the best ask on one platform and the best bid on the other to detect arbitrage conditions ($P_{ask, A} < P_{bid, B}$).

## Odds Calculation Mechanisms

### Polymarket (AMM & Order Book)
Polymarket uses a hybrid system. Historically, it used an **Automated Market Maker (AMM)** (specifically a CPMM - Constant Product Market Maker) where odds were determined by the ratio of tokens in the liquidity pool.
*   **Formula**: $Price(Yes) = \frac{Pool(No)}{Pool(Yes) + Pool(No)}$
*   **Current State**: Polymarket has migrated towards a **CLOB (Central Limit Order Book)** model for many markets. The "price" returned by the API typically represents the **mid-market price** or the **last traded price**, reflecting the probability $P$ where $0 \le P \le 1$.

### Kalshi (Order Book)
Kalshi operates as a traditional designated contract market (DCM) with a **Central Limit Order Book**.
*   **Mechanism**: Users place limit orders (Bid/Ask).
*   **Odds**: The "odds" are simply the price of the contract, ranging from 1 cent to 99 cents. A price of 60 cents implies a 60% probability of the event occurring.
*   **API Data**: The API provides the best Bid and best Ask. We use these to calculate the spread and the mid-market probability.

## References
*   [Polymarket API Documentation](https://docs.polymarket.com/)
*   [Kalshi API Documentation](https://docs.kalshi.com/)

Commit message:

Refactor README to emphasize generalized framework and extensibility

README.md, after:

# Prediction Market Efficiency Analysis Framework

## Overview
This project provides a **generalized framework** for investigating the efficiency of prediction markets across multiple platforms (Polymarket and Kalshi). While initially instantiated for **Counter-Strike 2 (CS2)** and **English Premier League (EPL)**, the core architecture is designed to be agnostic to the specific sport or event category.

The primary objective is to provide a robust pipeline to:
1.  **Fetch** real-time market data from disparate APIs.
2.  **Standardize** data into a common schema.
3.  **Analyze** cross-platform efficiency, spreads, and arbitrage opportunities.

This generality enables researchers and traders to easily extend the work to new domains (e.g., Elections, NBA, NFL) simply by updating the configuration, without rewriting the core collection or analysis logic.

## Directory Structure

```ascii
prediction_markets/
├── data/
│   ├── raw/                  # Raw JSON responses from APIs
│   └── processed/            # Standardized CSV files
├── docs/                     # Project Documentation
│   ├── api_specs/            # API details
│   ├── architecture.md       # System design and rationale
│   ├── index.md              # Documentation table of contents
│   ├── math_and_logic.md     # Mathematical principles and formulas
│   └── metrics_and_plots.md  # Guide to interpreting plots
├── plots/                    # Generated visualizations
├── src/
│   ├── analysis/             # Analysis logic (Arbitrage, Visualization)
│   ├── collectors/           # Data fetching scripts (Poly, Kalshi)
│   ├── utils/                # Helper functions (Matching)
│   ├── config.py             # Category configuration
│   └── main.py               # Main pipeline entry point
├── tests/                    # Unit and integration tests
├── .gitignore
├── find_identifiers.py       # Utility to discover API tags/tickers
├── investigate_kalshi.py     # Investigation script
├── PROJECT_PLAN.md           # Implementation roadmap
├── README.md                 # This file
└── requirements.txt          # Python dependencies
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is available in the `docs/` directory:

*   **[Documentation Index](docs/index.md)**
*   **[Mathematical Principles](docs/math_and_logic.md)**: Explains odds calculation, arbitrage formulas, and matching logic.
*   **[System Architecture](docs/architecture.md)**: Details the design patterns and ETL pipeline structure.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.10+
*   `pip` or `poetry`

### Installation
1.  Clone the repository.
2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Usage
*   **Fetch Data**:
    ```bash
    python -m src.main
    ```
    This will fetch data for all configured categories (CS2, EPL) and save it to `data/processed/`.

*   **Run Analysis**:
    ```bash
    python -m src.analysis.arbitrage
    ```

## Methodological Approach
The project employs a modular **Extract-Transform-Load (ETL)** architecture designed for extensibility:

1.  **Generalized Data Collection**: We utilize a `BaseCollector` pattern to interface with the Polymarket Gamma API and Kalshi V2 API. This abstraction allows for the easy addition of new platforms.
2.  **Configuration-Driven Execution**: The `src/config.py` file serves as the central control plane. Adding support for a new category (e.g., "US Elections") is as simple as defining its Platform Tags and Series Tickers in this configuration.
3.  **Standardization**: All market data is normalized into a uniform `MarketEvent` structure, decoupling the analysis layer from API-specific quirks.
4.  **Cross-Platform Matching**: Fuzzy string matching algorithms align events across platforms, enabling direct comparison of odds regardless of naming conventions.
5.  **Analysis**: We compute spreads and identify arbitrage conditions ($P_{ask, A} < P_{bid, B}$) on the standardized dataset.

## Odds Calculation Mechanisms

### Polymarket (AMM & Order Book)
Polymarket uses a hybrid system. Historically, it used an **Automated Market Maker (AMM)** (specifically a CPMM - Constant Product Market Maker) where odds were determined by the ratio of tokens in the liquidity pool.
*   **Formula**: $Price(Yes) = \frac{Pool(No)}{Pool(Yes) + Pool(No)}$
*   **Current State**: Polymarket has migrated towards a **CLOB (Central Limit Order Book)** model for many markets. The "price" returned by the API typically represents the **mid-market price** or the **last traded price**, reflecting the probability $P$ where $0 \le P \le 1$.

### Kalshi (Order Book)
Kalshi operates as a traditional designated contract market (DCM) with a **Central Limit Order Book**.
*   **Mechanism**: Users place limit orders (Bid/Ask).
*   **Odds**: The "odds" are simply the price of the contract, ranging from 1 cent to 99 cents. A price of 60 cents implies a 60% probability of the event occurring.
*   **API Data**: The API provides the best Bid and best Ask. We use these to calculate the spread and the mid-market probability.

## References
*   [Polymarket API Documentation](https://docs.polymarket.com/)
*   [Kalshi API Documentation](https://docs.kalshi.com/)
